# How Can I Succeed?

???+ Warning "What is a Computer Engineer?"
     Computer engineering is a branch of computer science and electronic engineering that integrates several fields of computer science and electronic engineering required to develop computer hardware and software. Computer engineering is referred to as computer science and engineering at some universities. - [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_engineering)

One of the engineering majors that I found most interesting and suitable for me was computer engineering. Computer engineering is a field that combines electrical engineering and computer science to design, develop, test, and refine computer systems, software, and equipment. I was excited by the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technology and solve complex problems that have real-world impact, such as creating new software systems, designing robots and supercomputers, improving cybersecurity and artificial intelligence, and more. I also liked the diversity and flexibility of the computer engineering curriculum and career paths, which allowed me to choose from a variety of courses and concentrations that matched my interests and goals, such as telecommunications, embedded systems, robotics, software, and more. I could also pursue jobs in many different industry sectors, such as technology, sustainable energy, automotive, and healthcare. Moreover, I enjoyed the creativity and innovation that computer engineering required and fostered, as I could use my analytical and logical skills as well as my imagination and originality to devise new solutions for digital systems. I also appreciated the teamwork and communication skills that I developed by working with other engineers and stakeholders.

To be a successful computer engineering student, I would need to have a strong foundation in mathematics and science, as these disciplines are essential for understanding and mastering the concepts and skills involved in computer engineering. I would also need to have a good work ethic and time management skills, as computer engineering courses and projects can be challenging and demanding. I would need to be able to balance my academic workload with my personal and professional responsibilities, and prioritize my tasks and deadlines accordingly. Additionally, I would need to have a growth mindset and a willingness to learn, as computer engineering is a dynamic and evolving field that requires constant updating and adaptation. I would need to be open to feedback and criticism, and seek opportunities to improve my knowledge and skills through self-study, research, internships, and extracurricular activities. Furthermore, I would need to have a passion and curiosity for computer engineering, as this would motivate me to pursue my goals and overcome any obstacles or difficulties that I might encounter along the way.

???+ Note "A few attributes of successful Computer Engineering students are:"

    - Problem-solving skills: Computer engineering students need to be able to analyze, understand, and solve complex and novel problems that involve computer systems, software, and equipment. They need to be able to apply their theoretical and practical knowledge, as well as their creativity and innovation, to find optimal and efficient solutions.
    - Technical skills: Computer engineering students need to be proficient in various programming languages, tools, and platforms that are used for developing, testing, and refining computer systems, software, and equipment. They need to be familiar with the fundamentals and applications of computer engineering, such as data structures, algorithms, operating systems, networks, databases, hardware, software, and more.
    - Communication skills: Computer engineering students need to be able to communicate effectively with different audiences, such as instructors, peers, clients, and employers. They need to be able to express their ideas, opinions, and solutions clearly and concisely, both verbally and in writing. They also need to be able to listen, understand, and respond to the needs and expectations of others, and collaborate and cooperate with them in a respectful and professional manner.
    - Critical thinking skills: Computer engineering students need to be critical thinkers in order to come up with ideas that will benefit their target audience, and benefit the world, and their employer, they also need to be able to improve on their ideas, and be open to change as the criteria changes to meet the designs constraints.

<p align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?si=fBEMyQJLJ5Adjzcv&amp;controls=0&amp;list=PLkrl-NxfV7qgXTzsTef1zFFJe-URusQOF" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>